Update printf.md (#1140)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tutorials/optimize/memory/printf.md

# printf and reducing memory

> The standard library family of `printf` calls (`printf`, `sprintf`, `fprintf` and so on) takes a lot of code space. This is because there are multiple format specifiers, and it is not possible to optimize the code at build time. Even a single `printf` call in your application pulls in the entire standard library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard library family of `printf` (`printf`, `sprintf`, `fprintf` and so on) calls takes a lot of code space. This is because there are multiple format specifiers, and it is not possible to optimize the code at build time. Even a single `printf` call in your application pulls in the entire standard library.
```

> A solution is to replace the standard `printf` calls with a smaller implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A solution to reduce code space is to replace the standard `printf` calls with a smaller implementation.
```

> Mbed OS provides a [`miniml-printf` library](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/platform/source/minimal-printf/README.md) that offers a subset of the `printf` features. (It does not support all the format specifiers.) You can also achieve further flash savings if your application does not require 64-bit integers, floating point or FILE stream printing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mbed OS provides the [`minimal-printf` library](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/platform/source/minimal-printf/README.md) which offers a subset of the `printf` features (not all format specifiers are supported). You can also achieve further flash savings if your application does not require 64-bit integers, floating point or FILE stream printing by disabling support via the [configuration file](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/platform/mbed_lib.json).
```
